# VSQM Rev01 2019 02 19

- Source PDF: VSQM Rev01 2019 02 19.pdf
- Total pages: 28

## Page 1

Confidential
Page 1 of 28



Document Title: VINFAST SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Document Type : Procedure
Creation Date : Feb 20, 2019
Creator : Vu Tien Anh
Process Owner : Stuart MC Laughlin Kinkade
Doc. ID : VA-SQ-QM-001
Doc. Location :
Distribution : All Functions of VinFast Trading & Production LLC
Function : Purchasing


Approval:
Note: Process Owner’s Manager and Stakeholder’s Manager Approval must be obtained
Function Name Approver’s Name / Title
Purchasing Stuart MC Laughlin Kinkade/ Supplier Quality Director
Purchasing Sam Casabene/Vice President Purchasing




Change History
Version Status Effective
Date Handled by Approved by Comment
01 Approved Feb 20, 2019 Vu Tien Anh Sam Casabene

## Page 2

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 2 of 28

Table of Contents
1. Purpose .................................................................................................................................... 4
2. Scope ........................................................................................................................................ 4
3. Acronyms and Abbreviations – VinFast Specific .................................................................. 4
4. Responsibilities ....................................................................................................................... 4
5. Product Development Process .............................................................................................. 4
6. International Material Data System (IMDS) Reporting. ..................................................... 6
7. VinFast Requirement .............................................................................................................. 6
7.1 Criteria for selection as a VinFast Supplier. ......................................................................................... 6
7.1.1 IATF 16949 Registration ......................................................................................................................... 6
7.1.2 Regulatory and Statutory Compliance ............................................................................................. 7
7.1.3 Environment ............................................................................................................................................... 7
7.1.4 Embedded Control Software / Products Containing Embedded Control Software ........ 7
7.1.5 e-Business Capabilities ........................................................................................................................... 8
7.2 Supplier Quality Roadmap: ....................................................................................................................... 9
7.2.1 Supplier Sourcing and Early SQ Engagement. .............................................................................. 9
7.2.2 Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP)................................................................................ 10
7.2.2.1 Introduction .............................................................................................................................................. 10
7.2.2.2 Advanced Product Quality Planning ............................................................................................... 11
7.3 Lot Traceability. ............................................................................................................................................ 16
7.4 Critical Characteristics and Significant Characteristics ................................................................. 17
7.5 Sub-tier Supplier Management ............................................................................................................. 18
7.6 Serial Production ......................................................................................................................................... 18
7.6.1 Introduction .............................................................................................................................................. 18
7.6.2 Supplier Corrective Action Report ................................................................................................... 18
7.6.3 Supplier Request for Change ............................................................................................................. 19
7.6.4 Annual Revalidation .............................................................................................................................. 21
7.6.5 Supplier Facility Access ........................................................................................................................ 21
7.6.6 Contingency Plan ................................................................................................................................... 22
7.6.7 Document and Product Sample Retention................................................................................... 22
7.6.8 VinFast Properties – VF Tooling Asset ............................................................................................ 22
7.6.9 Disposition of Nonconforming Products ...................................................................................... 23

## Page 3

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 3 of 28

7.6.10 Control Shipping .................................................................................................................................... 23
7.6.11 Executive Escalation (EE) Process ..................................................................................................... 24
7.7 Reference Document ................................................................................................................................. 26

## Page 4

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 4 of 28

1. Purpose

The purpose of this VinFast Supplier Quality Manual (VSQM) is to specify the VinFast quality
requirements for our suppliers. These requirements extend from supplier qualification for new
business to new product development and into serial production.

2. Scope

This manual applies to all external direct material/service suppliers, including sub-tier special
process suppliers, i.e., heat treat, coating, plating, etc. This manual may apply to indirect
material/service suppliers only when a VinFast Purchase Order requires it.

3. Acronyms and Abbreviations – VinFast Specific

 SQ: Supplier Quality
 PTO: Production Tryout
 PP: Production Pilot
 LS: Launch Signed Off
 Other: Refer to Appendix A

4. Responsibilities

It is the responsibility of all parties (Supplier, SQ, Buyer and Engineering) to ensure the meeting
of requirement specified in this document. Detail of Role and Responsibility for each
phase/process are specified in according section of this document.

5. Product Development Process

VinFast Product Development follows a series of processes/procedures defined as the VinFast
Supplier Development Process. This details the methods and tools used by Supplier Quality from
the initial assessment as a potential new supplier / location through launch and into serial
production with tactical monitoring within operations.


The figure below depicts the product development stages starting with Sourcing

## Page 5

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 5 of 28


PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PROCESS
Supplier phase
SERIAL PRODUCTION
SOURCING
 PRODUCT CONCEPT
VALIDATION
 DESIGN VALIDATION
 PRODUCT AND PROCESS
DEVELOPMENT
 LAUNCH
 START OF PRODUCTION
 SOP+90
Supplier Sourcing and
Early SQ Engagement
Supplier Kick-off
Supplier
Award
Product and process development
PPAP Submission and Approval
Safe launch plan and Supplier Monitoring
Change Management
Performance Management
Capacity Verification
PTO1-PTO2
 Production Pilot
 Launch Sign-off
 SOP
 Safe Launch
 Serial Production

Fig.01: Product Development Process
VinFast Supplier and Product development initiates with Sourcing phases. VinFast Engineering
triggers with concept of Engineering Drawing and Specification, this information is provided to
Purchasing and Supplier Quality to find the best potential source. Purchasing, Supplier Quality
and Engineering determine the most competitive Supplier, evaluates potential Suppliers. The
process continuous to Product Concept Validation.
The next phase is Design Validation (or Production Try Out – PTO). In this phase, the first
vehicles that have been welded, painted and assembled on the production line. The vehicles
then are used for testing in order to validate design. During this phase, Suppliers are required to
complete tooling development and initial process to provide component/material for future
serial production. Suppliers shall be able to develop ramp-up plans to meet initial production
requirements and  creating contingency plans to address events that would be prevent the
supply of material.
Process continuous to Product and Process development (or Production Pilot – PP). In this
phase, Pilot vehicles meet component and production quality requirements, and are
manufactured under production conditions using validated tooling and equipment. Launch
phase initiates with Launch Sign-off (LS), in which, build an internal customer vehicle under
volume production conditions as per the published acceleration curve.
Suppliers will participate in Safe Launch Planning (SLP) and execution as developed in the
Product Characteristic Matrix (PCM). Per the component specific PCM, for a pre-determined
period of time or number of components, the supplier and the VinFast facility will employ an
expanded inspection process on key characteristics. The Supplier shall continue to use the
validated process once the program transitions from Launch into Production. VinFast’s approval
is required before implementing any changes to that validated process. Suppliers whose
performance does not meet agreed goals and metrics during this process would be subject to
one or more intensive improvement tools.

## Page 6

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 6 of 28

6. International Material Data System (IMDS) Reporting.

To ensure compliance with the various legal and market requirements, VinFast requires its
Suppliers to report material and substance information for all types of purchased materials,
components or items supplied to VinFast. All substances and/or materials shall be reported to
VinFast using the International Material Data System (IMDS) (www.mdsystem.com).

Suppliers shall submit the required IMDS to VinFast as soon as possible upon award of new
business, but always as part of the PPAP process. The supplier IMDS information shall be subject
to VinFast review and approval. Once approved by VinFast, the Supplier of the material or
component shall indicate such approval in the PPAP documentation supplied to VinFast
regardless of submission level requested.

The supplier shall also implement procedures or controls necessary to prevent the introduction
of prohibited and restricted substances in materials as specified herein into the final product
and/or component supplied to VinFast.

7. VinFast Requirement

VinFast supply management requirements are based on four key processes; supplier selection,
new product launch, continuous improvement and supplier intensive improvement. These key
processes are global in nature as are any of the referenced procedures.

7.1 Criteria for selection as a VinFast Supplier.

7.1.1 IATF 16949 Registration

The goal for all VinFast suppliers of materials and services affecting production material is to
demonstrate compliance to IATF 16949. Suppliers shall also comply with VinFast specific
requirements defined in the VinFast Supplier Quality Manual (VSQM).

Suppliers to VinFast shall have a plan to achieve conformity to IATF 16949. Unless otherwise
specified, conformity may be demonstrated by third party certification to ISO 9001 (at
minimum) or IATF 16949. Note that certification to this specification will only be accepted
when issued by an IAOB recognized registrar. This is consistent with the expectations of
VinFast business system that complies with IATF 16949 requirements. The scope of the
requirement affects subassembly, sequencing, sorting, re-work and calibration services in
addition to direct material suppliers.

Suppliers and sub-suppliers who are identified as special process providers are to adhere to
the specific requirements as set forth in the AIAG manual.

## Page 7

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 7 of 28

VinFast does not have a special policy for IATF 16949 exemption for small businesses. VinFast
expects all of their direct material suppliers to meet the above stated criteria.

Additionally, suppliers shall, at minimum, maintain and update their certification status once
per year. Suppliers shall immediately communicate any change in certification or status to
their respective Commodity Manager and Supplier Quality Engineer.

VinFast requires that its suppliers use the latest Automotive Industry Action Group (AIAG)
version of the Advanced Product Quality Planning and Control Plan (APQP), Potential Failure
Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Measurement System Analysis (MSA), Production Part
Approval Process (PPAP), Statistical Process Control (SPC) and Machinery FMEA manuals as
guidelines for their system development. For these publications, visit http://www.aiag.org.

7.1.2 Regulatory and Statutory Compliance

VinFast requires all suppliers and sub-suppliers to pass down all applicable statutory and
regulatory requirements in entire supplier chain. The Supplier shall apply the legal
requirements of the production location and of the country of use during APQP phase to all
products, processes or services.

7.1.3 Environment

To effective environment management, which ensures compliances with the respective
applicable environmental regulations, VinFast complies with ISO 14001 certificate. Therefore,
we expect our suppliers to show volunteer commitment to environmental protection by
implementing an environmental management system.

7.1.4 Embedded Control Software / Products Containing Embedded Control
Software

Embedded control software developed by a supplier and delivered to VinFast as a primary
work product or a product delivered to VinFast, which contains embedded control software,
shall satisfy Automotive SPICE Level 2 (HIS scope + Man.5, ENG1) and Functional Safety (ISO
26262) integrity unless otherwise specified by VinFast.

In such cases, VinFast requires that:
a) Suppliers produce evidence of self-assessment.
b) Supplier agrees to be audited by VinFast assessors upon request.
c) Upon VinFast request, a third party assessment is conducted. If the supplier does not meet
the above requirements at start of an awarded project, an improvement program must be
established to meet VinFast requirements before start of serial production.

## Page 8

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 8 of 28



7.1.5 e-Business Capabilities

Suppliers shall have email, internet access and internet browser as a minimum for e-Business
capability. This is required to participate in VinFast web bases applications and
communications. These include but are not limited to:
 Supplier portal.
 Supplier performance system/Supplier scorecard.
 Supplier chain Portal/Ordering.
 Supplier Corrective Action system.
 Supplier Audit Data Base.
 Supplier PPAP submission system.
Suppliers are responsible for maintaining contact information in those e-Business systems. The
minimum information required includes contact name, title, office, mobile phone and email.
These individuals are expected to be available 24 hours, 7 days a week to handle logistics
issues and respond to quality issues. These activities may include items such as initiating
containment and providing initial response to quality issues, correcting commercial documents
…

## Page 9

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 9 of 28

7.2  Supplier Quality Roadmap:

7.2.1 Supplier Sourcing and Early SQ Engagement.

This phase initiates before awarding a Supplier. It requires the participants of Buyer, SQE and
Engineering to evaluate potential Suppliers fully from Technical, Commercial, Quality and
Process.












Fig.02: Supplier Sourcing and Early SQ Engagement Deliverable
Process initiates with Design concept, initial specification, and forecast demand by
Engineering. Information is then gone through Buyer and SQ (for early engagement). List of
potential Suppliers is defined; Buyer does shorten process before transfer information of
potential Suppliers to SQ.
Suppliers in shorten list are contacted by SQ for Potential Supplier Assessment. Result is
reviewed and evaluated by SQ, Buyer and Engineering before decision of Supplier is potential
for being VinFast’s Supplier. Process continuous by working in detail with Supplier about
project and fulfill commitment of Capacity, Manufacturing and initial Design Review.
The Role and Responsibility are specified as below.
EvaluationManufacturing
requirement
Blinder list
Technical
requirement
Demand
forecast
Project timing
requirement
 Awarded Supplier.
 Potential Supplier audit report
 Supplier Capacity commitment.
 Supplier manufacturing feasibility sign-off
 Supplier initial design review.

## Page 10

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 10 of 28


Fig.03. Role and Responsibility
7.2.2 Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP)

7.2.2.1 Introduction

Supplier Quality initiates at Supplier Kick-off after awarding a new Supplier with potential of
capacity and capability to be a VinFast’s supplier.
When specified by the VinFast SQ, suppliers shall be inline the VinFast Supplier Quality
Roadmap (Refer to Appendix B) when launching a new product for VinFast. All suppliers,
regardless of component priority, shall use disciplined launch and APQP process.
VinFast has an electronic APQP Element submission and PSW e-Form for the Vinfast PPAP
system available for suppliers call Supplier Portal . Supplier will use Supplier Portal when
notified that the tasks are started or completed.
SQ Portal URL: https://sqm.vinfast.vn/pages/default.aspx
Task Event Methodology SQ Buyer Engineering Supplier
RFQ Package
- Provide design concept, initial product specification to Buyer.
Buyer take this package to transfer to potential Supplier in bidder
list (includes in RFI/RFQ package)
S I R I
Initial Meeting - Invite appropriate Key Stakeholders for initial meeting with
Suppliers on typical Engineering and Purchasing process I R I I
Timing Plan
- Clarify the VF project timing plan, what is expected from
Stakeholders and get agreement on process, contents, timing and
strategy for the sourcing package
S R R I
- Approach Suppliers for PSA self-assessment.
- Align with Supplier PSA on-site plan A I I R
- Visit Supplier to conduct PSA audit.
- Share audit result to Buyer and Engineering for shorten bidder
list.
A I I R
RFQ Package - Provide up-front capacity commitment to Supplier vie RFI/RFQ
package I R I S
VSCC - Review and approve for Up-front Capacity Commitment.
- Action and back-up plan (if required). A S I R
Review meeting - Initial Key Stake-holder to conduct meeting for reviewing:
Design and Supplier Manufacturing process S A S R
VMFS - Review and approve Manufacturing Feasibility A I S R
VSDR
- Review and get agree on initial Design Review.
- Record open issue and evaluate if technical information is
enough to proceed next project steps.
A I S R
DPT RASI DPT RASI - If part is DPT, align with Supplier and key Stakeholders for roll
and responsibility. I A I R
Award Supplier Award Supplier - Evaluation Supplier potential based.
- Recommend appropriate Supplier to enter project S A S I
Supplier Sourcing and Early SQ Engagement
PSA
Potential Supplier
Assessment
ResponsibilityRole and Responsibility Matrix
VF Manufacturing
Feasibility Sign-off +
VF Initial Design
Review
VF Supplier Capacity
Commitment

## Page 11

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 11 of 28


Fig.04 – SQ Portal Home Page
It is essential that suppliers meet the necessary timelines for each projects as set in Supplier
Portal. In addition, completeness and accuracy of documentation submitted is vital to ensure
successful PPAP and launch. Failure to meet timing or PPAP requirements will influence to
supplier’s performance and standing with VinFast.

7.2.2.2 Advanced Product Quality Planning

Supplier should provide APQP status report for new product with regard to meeting program
objectives including quality, performance and timing. VinFast will provide format, frequency
and the required content of these reports. Supplier shall use the VinFast forms available
through this manual, and shall complete those forms in English.
Supplier to VinFast are responsible for managing their new product introduction process to
the guidelines provided in this document. VinFast process consists of 5 phases as shown in
Fig.05.

## Page 12

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 12 of 28

APQP
Phase 1
Supplier Kick -off
Phase 2
Product and Process
Development
Phase 3
PPAP Submission
and Approval
Phase 4
Capacity Verification
Phase 5
Safe Launch and
Supplier monitoring
Supplier chain map
Initial Supplier
program plan and
timing
Final Technical
Confirmation and TKO
Product matrix
Safe Launch
confirmation and plan
Validation test plan
approval
Preliminary DFMEA (if
applicable), PFMEA/CP
Supplier Packing
requirement
Finalize PFMEA /CP
Process instruction
Finalize process
capability study plan
Validation review of
off-tool condition
Floor plan layout
Pre-qualify
equipment/tooling/
gauge
Supplier Launch
readiness accessment
Initial Submission
warrant (if applicable )
PPAP elements
submission &
approval
PPAP checklist
R@R 1
(at LS)
R@R 2
(at SOP)
Finalize PPAP
submission
Initial Safe Launch

Fig.05 – APQP Key Elements
Phase 1: Supplier Kick-Off
VinFast and the Supplier define:
 Key milestones, review initial program plan and timing.
 Finalize design review and tooling kick-off.
 Product characteristic matrix and safe launch plan.
 Validation test plan.
 Review preliminary DFMEA (if applicable) and PFD/PFMEA/CP.
Detail responsibility and tasks are defined as below.

## Page 13

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 13 of 28


Fig.6. Role and Responsibility.
Phase 2: Product and Process Development.
This phase represents the span of time during which the suppler completes designs for their
tooling, assembly lines, gauging and identifies additional capital equipment required to
manufacture the components.
The process continuous with tooling/gauge/manufacturing line pre-qualification by SQ. By
that, the supplies is allow to proceed their production try-out and get VinFast approval for first
samples. The suppliers shall collect data required to assure that the manufactured items meet
DRW, specification and capacity requirements before approval to ship is given.
By end of this phase, the suppliers shall be ready for serial production and safe launch through
reviews and approvals of responsible SQE.
Task Event Methodology SQ Buyer Engineering Supplier
- Introduce and align APQP process with Supplier A I I R
- Align VF project timing plan and Supplier timing plan A S I R
- Agree on next steps and APQP/PPAP level. A I I R
Final Tech-review - Review final Technical to confirm all open topic relating to technical. S I A R
Tooling Kick-off
meeting
- Kick-off tooling:
* Review Tooling status and tooling list.
* Review availability of Tooling Order.
* Review tooling timing plan to ensure comply with project
timing plan
* Define action plan for tooling manufacturing and qualifying.
S A I R
Product
Characteristics - Define product characteristic. CC/SC. I I A R
SLP - Define and agree on Safe Launch Plan A I I R
- Define test plan for future product and process I I A R
- Define and review test timing plan (test, analysis …) A I S R
- Define test resource and action plan (if required) S I I R
DFMEA Scope - Confirm the feasibility of DFMEA with Supplier.
- Confirm the availability of DFMEA R I A S
DFMEA Update - Define/update DFMEA (if Supplier is Design Owner) I I A R
- Review DFMEA I I A R
- Review Lesson Learnt and Define Action plan I I A R
Update PFMEA/CP - Define Process Flow Diagram and preliminary PFMEA/CP A I S R
Lesson Learnt - Input lesson learnt from previous or similar project. S S S R
RPN Reduction Plan - Define top RPN and RPN reduction plan A I S R
PFMEA/CP approval - Review PFMEA/CP and RPN reduction plan. Approval for
Supplier preliminary PFMEA/CP A I S R
Supplier Kick-off
Preliminary PFMEA/CP
review
DFMEA Approval
APQP Kick-off
meetingAPQP Kick-off
Responsibility
Final Technical Review
and TKO
Validation Test Plan
Approval
VF Product
Characteristic
Matrix/Safe Launch
Plan
 Preliminary DFMEA
Review
Role and Responsibility Matrix
Validation Test Plan

## Page 14

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 14 of 28


Fig.07. Role and Responsibility (Product and Process Development phase)

Task Event Methodology SQ Buyer Engineering Supplier
RFQ Package - Inform Packing Standard to Supplier (can be attached with RFQ
package). I R I S
Packing Review - Review the feasibility of Packing Requirement.
- Submit packing proposal (if applicable) S S I R
Update PFMEA/CP - Update PFMEA/CP A I S R
RPN Reduction Plan - Update top RPN and RPN reduction plan A I I R
PFMEA/CP approval - Review finalized PMEAA/CP. Approve for PFMEA/CP. A I I S
Define process
instruction
- Define process instruction (including checking fixture/gage
instruction). A I I R
Process Instruction
Approval - Review and approve to insure sufficient instructions are available. A I S R
Finalize process
capability study plan Capability study plan
- Finalize process capability plan including:
* Study timing plan.
* Study characteristics.
* Study quantity and parameter.
* Report method.
A I I R
Tooling Status
Review - Review tooling status following submitted timing plan A I I R
Off-tool Plan - Finalize off-tool plan and tooling/equipment buy-off plan A I I R
VF Tooling
Validation
- Verify the availability of VF tooling: evidence of VF tooling is
required. On-site audit can be done (if applicable). A R I R
- Generate off-tool product, 1st off-tooling dimensional report. A I I R
- Review and Approve for tooling, includes:
* GD&T result to comply with specification.
* Ensure tooling is available at Manufacturing Operation.
Verify VF property tag.
A I S R
Setup Plan - Finalize Equipment/Tooling/Gauge setup plan. A I I R
- Review Gage concept and final design. For part assembly and
sub-component A I S R
- Review construction to ensure that the gage meet GD&T, agree
with functional part usage/datum strategy and includes
measurement of Key Characteristics.
A I S R
Gage Approval
- Approve gage, including:
* Any part changes are incorporated into gages.
* Evaluate CMM report to ensure Gage accuracy.
* Ensure gage instructions are available at Manufacturing
Operation.
* Verify gage GR&R.
* Verify VF property tag.
A I S R
Production Control
Plan Assessment VPCPA - Conduct Production Control Plan audit (self-assessment or SQE
on-site assessment) A I I R
VF Supplier Launch
Readiness Assessment VSLR
- Conduct Launch Readiness Assessment (self-assessment or SQE
on-site assessment).
- Approve for Safe Launch initiating.
A I I R
Supplier Packing
Requirement
Process InstructionProduct and Process Development
Finalize PFMEA/CP
Off-tool
Gage Design Review
Validation review of
off-tool condition
Pre-qualify
equipment/Tooling/G
auge
ResponsibilityRole and Responsibility Matrix

## Page 15

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 15 of 28

Phase 3: PPAP Submission and Approval.
By PPAP elements completion, the suppliers shall submit to VinFast PPAP share point following
responsible SQE requests.
Submission items are defined by responsible SQE and got agreement with the supplier. Once
agreed, documents are submitted or updated to SQE vie email or Supplier Portal at required
time period to each events. ISW is used from PTO until PP. ISW is evidence of quality
compliance of Supplier with VinFast for samples submitting to try-out events (PTO ~ PP).

Fig.08. PPAP requirement
By end of this phase, completed PPAP package shall be submitted to VinFast following
agreement of the supplier and SQE. PPAP level shall be decided by SQE and Supplier base on
part evaluation. Fig.07 is suggestion of selecting PPAP. It is vital suppliers meet timing and
quality of event requirements as designed for the specific product and program.

Change Index COP MOD/COP NEW/MOD COP
Submit Event PTO --> LS PP-->LS LS PTO-->LS
Ref # PPAP Submission Elements Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 Level 5
1 Design Records R S S AR R
2 Design Failure Mode and Effects Analysis R R S AR R
3 Process Flow Diagram R R S AR R
4 Process Failure Mode and Effects Analysis R R S AR R
5 Control Plan R R S AR R
6 Engineering Changed Docs R S S AR R
7 Customer Engr Approval, If Required R R S AR R
8 Qualified Lab Docs R S S AR R
9 Records of Compliance w/C-S Reqs R R S AR R
10 International Material Data System (IMDS) S S S AR R
11 CQI-9 Heat Treatment R R S AR R
12 CQI-11 Cr Plating R R S AR R
13 CQI-12 Coating R R S AR R
14 CQI-15 Welding R R S AR R
15 CQI-17 Soderings R R S AR R
16 CQI-23 Molding R R S AR R
17 CQI-27 Casting R R S AR R
18 Supply Chain Map R R S AR R
19 Barcode for Traceability R R S AR R
20 Measurement System Analysis (MSA) R S S AR R
21 Bulk Material Checklist (B-Matl) S S S S R
22 Checking Fixture / Aids R R R AR R
23 Tired Supplier PPAP-PSWs R R S AR R
24 Dimensional Results - Full Layout S S S AR R
25 Design Verification Plan and Report (DVP&R), If Applicable R S S AR R
26 Material Performance - Test Results R S S AR R
27 Initial Process Studies R S S AR R
28 Appearance Approval Report (AAR), If Required S S S AR R
Initial Submission Warrant (ISW)
Part Submission Warrant (PSW) S S S S R

## Page 16

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 16 of 28

Phase 4: Run @ Rate – Capacity Verification.
R@R conducts 2 times, based on part risk assessment; the R@R will be conducted by suppliers
or with the participation of responsible SQE.
 R@R 1: 200.pcs, to evaluate machine cycle time at Supplier’s LS Run
 R@R 2: Conduct in 8 working hours or 1 working shift or significant batch (agreed by SQ
and the Supplier), to evaluate PPH and percentage utilization of installed capacity at
Supplier’s SOP Run. Supplier shall submit R@R result to SQ Portal following request of
SQE.
Phase 5: Safe Launch and Supplier Monitoring.
By entering this phase, the supplier has completed PPAP submission and audited by
responsible SQ for serial production readiness. Safe Launch is extended basically in 3 months
(90 days), otherwise special agreement and approved by VinFast with characteristics that had
been agreed in “Product Characteristics Matrix and Safe Launch Plan”. The target of Safe
Launch and report manner shall be agreed between the supplier and responsible SQE. Supplier
can exit Safe Launch any time if target is achieved and got approval from responsible SQE.
During Safe Launch Period, if any defect was detected, Safe Launch Period would be extended.

7.3 Lot Traceability.

All suppliers to VinFast shall have an effective lot definition and traceability procedure. The
shipping number will be linked to the lot traceability procedure in such a way that the
delivered product, unless otherwise approved in writing by the VinFast SQE, can be traced back
to the raw material. The maximum size of a lot shall consist of one shift or eight hours of
production, whichever is smaller. For Bulk Processes, lot size may be defined by quantity and
vary based on process/production equipment. VinFast reserves the right to specify a maximum
batch size. The lot definition shall reflect all significant processes influencing the
component/material with the shipping lot number reflecting the last value added operation.
Suppliers shall ensure that their lot traceability system maintains its integrity throughout the
entire extended supply chain, including raw material and purchased components/products.
The lifeline of many components begins and ends within the facility of the supplier. There are
those components, however, that require processing by outside companies to finish the
process stream. These may include heat treat, coining, grinding, coating and other various
processes. If the original lot was batch processed through the different secondary processes,
there would be no need to change the original lot number. However, if the batch is split at a
secondary processor, then the lot number for each of the batches should be unique.

Once manufacturing/assembly begins, a lot number is changed if:
 One shift of production or eight hours is reached.
 A new lot of raw material is being used.

## Page 17

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 17 of 28

 The components undergo another value added process and the original lot is divided
during processing.
 The lot number changes on any one of the components being used.

 When required, the supplier may need to implement:
 Serialized (maintains a one-to-one relationship between the finished goods’ serial
number and the components’ serial number) lot traceability; or
 Specific Lot (maintains a one-to-one relationship between the finished good serial
number and the components’ lot numbers) traceability for certain programs.
To clarify the difference between this and general traceability, consider a supplier who stamps
a given component. After stamping, two fasteners are then pressed into the stamping. General
traceability is where there is no lot traceability between the stamped component and the
assembled parts. Specific traceability would be where the lot numbers of the assembled
components are traceable through the lot number of the stamped component.

7.4 Critical Characteristics and Significant Characteristics

At a minimum, suppliers shall implement process controls for Special Characteristics as
designated on VinFast drawings. Additional characteristics deemed germane to be ‘predictors
of process stability and feedback’ should also be identified in the supplier’s Control Plan. These
relate to product safety, government regulation, product performance and the ability to
assemble product and/or customer satisfaction features. These are identified by various
symbols requiring specific levels of special controls and process capability.
Unless otherwise specified by a product line and/or region for characteristics/features
designated as significant or critical during launch, the supplier must calculate and report the
process capability as Ppk. For those characteristics/features showing a Ppk of less than 1.67,
the supplier must create an action plan that defines the containment and process
improvements. Process capability can be conducted with both variable and attribute data. The
minimum acceptable sample size for variable data is 100 pieces and for attribute, 300 pieces.
Containment must effectively separate non-conforming material from the population.
Containment, generally either 100% sorting or some form of mistake proofing, must continue
until such time that the process Cpk demonstrates capability greater than or equal to 1.33
unless otherwise specified by a product line designation.
Special focus will be given by VinFast to evaluate the capability of all Significant & Critical
characteristics and the validity of studies. In order to ensure this, capability reports must
include a histogram, control charts and a normality test. Please refer to the latest edition AIAG
Manual on Statistical Process Control (SPC) and the VinFast PPAP Submission Checklist.

## Page 18

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 18 of 28

7.5 Sub-tier Supplier Management

VinFast suppliers are responsible for development of their sub-tier suppliers. VinFast supplies
shall have enough process, resource for managing their sub-tier suppliers and monitoring sub-
tier supplier performance. Evidence of sub-tier supplier PPAP completion and acceptance is
required for all sub-tier components and at a minimum, must include the PSW.  Any change on
sub-tier suppliers shall be communicated to VinFast period to change execution.
VinFast reserves the right to enter, participate in audit sub-suppliers regarding quality
management system, process, products … jointly with VinFast’s supplier.

7.6 Serial Production

7.6.1 Introduction

Once Supplier Product and Process Development is completed, PPAP submission is approved
by VinFast, Supplier Serial Production begins. During this phase, there are numbers of key
requirement suppliers shall fully aware and comply. Key requirements include Complain
Process, Supplier Request for Change, Sub-tier Supplier Management and Annual Revalidation.

7.6.2 Supplier Corrective Action Report

 Suppliers expected to immediately notify all possibility impact to VinFast plants other involved
parties in the supply change of VinFast, when made aware of a potential safety, quality or
delivery issue.
After complaining, the supplier is required:
 To submit containment action (3D) within one working day and updated periodically.
 Root cause analysis 4D always needs to be carried out using appropriate problem solving
methods and submitted to VinFast. The detail of root cause analysis shall cover WHY
MADE, WHY ESCAPE and once required by VinFast, the document shall be submitted to
VinFast within 10 working days.
 The completed 8D report will be submitted within 20 working days.
 The 8D report is only closed by acceptance of VinFast.
 Executive 3-Legged, 5-Why, 1-Page maybe requested by SQE.
Complain is classified to A, B, C and W level. Required report is requested following complain
classification.

## Page 19

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 19 of 28


A Supplier Defects Found and Causing Line Stoppage and/or Yard Hold OR REPEAT ISSUE
B Supplier Defects Found and Causing Minor Interruptions
C Supplier Issues - For Information Only
W Supplier Defects Found at Dealerships or From End Users Causing Customer Dissatisfaction

SCAR Report Requirement A B C W
Storyboard S S AR S
Time Line of Events S S AR S
D0-D1B S S AR S
D2-Pictures S S AR S
D3A-B S S AR AR
D4A-WH S AR AR AR
D4A-WE S AR AR AR
D4B 5-Whys S S AR AR
D5-D6-D7A S S AR AR
D7B-D8A-C S S AR AR
Insert Other Worksheets AR AR AR AR

Fig.09. SCAR submission requirement

7.6.3 Supplier Request for Change

This process is applicable when suppliers request for:
 Temporary or Permanent change of Process.
 Temporary or Permanent change of Product.
 Tool move
Suppliers are required to submit Supplier Request for Change following VinFast format (can be
vie email or vie VinFast system, upon in VinFast responsible SQE agreed) in order to obtain
release period to delivery. The Request for Change shall be reviewed and pre-approved by SQ
before entering to DCR/DCO system. Once approval. The supplier shall define identifications
for certain impacted deliveries, approved and fully aware of responsible SQE. Corrective

## Page 20

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 20 of 28

actions report and evidence are required probably in case of deviation request, those
documents shall submitted to VinFast as evidences of execution.
In the case of “Tool Move”; defined as: the supplier change its manufacturing location to a
different location, new or existing. The change includes requirement of tooling/equipment
moving, new tooling or new equipment. VinFast reserves the right to chargeback the Supplier
for any internal or external cost associated with the “Tool Move” such as but not limited to
Product Validation, New Supplier Assessment, Run at Rate, Launch Readiness Audit, PPAP
Approval, VinFast travel and support cost …
Consequences of non-communicated or unauthorized process changes at the supplier’s
manufacturing facility or any sub-supplier facility could result in any or all of following actions:
 Written notification from VinFast to the supplier’s Registrar or from VinFast to the supplier
requesting they notify their registrar of the non-conformance
 Consideration for New Business Hold (NBH)
 Issuance of Critical A concern and immediate third party containment (controlled
shipment) of affected component/product.
 Potential request for independent, third party audit of affected supply chain including ALL
affected sub-tier suppliers involved
Reinstatement of supplier to ‘Acceptable’ status will depend on suppliers’ ability to develop
effective preventative actions and verification by VinFast.
Authorization to ship production material shall be given after the change is communicated
through a signed Part Submission Warrant (PSW) after VinFast has approved the PPAP for the
requested change and that change is coordinated through the using VinFast facility or
facilities.
Off-Line rework, not included in the original Control Plan, is considered a process change and
suppliers shall obtain VinFast approval for it as specified above. Rework shall be supported by
written operating and inspection instructions. The inspection instructions shall be consistent
with an updated production process control plan. VinFast will require special identification and
segregation of the reworked product. Suppliers shall request, in writing, a deviation (or
concession) before shipping non-conforming material to VinFast. A plan to return to normal
production and the time required to do so shall be submitted at same time as the written
request. Material shipped under an approved deviation shall be labeled with the Supplier
Request for Change number (SRC number).

Fig.10. SRC process

Trigger Review DCR/DCO
Sercure
Change
Execution
Evidence
collection

## Page 21

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 21 of 28


7.6.4 Annual Revalidation

The intent of annual revalidation is to ensure conformance to print, dimensional and capability
requirements and all applicable VinFast specific requirements. Unless otherwise specified, a
complete annual layout inspection including all sub-components is required for all
components.
All suppliers shall have a plan to annually revalidate their respective production components.
This includes all tools and cavities. Suppliers shall make this annual revalidation plan available
to VinFast upon request.
At a minimum, on an annual basis, VinFast product lines will identify suppliers required to
submit evidence of revalidation for selected components. Notification, schedule and submittal
of revalidations identified will be submitted through the VinFast Supplier Portal.
Revalidation evidence submission requirements are product line specific and criteria are based
on component performance and categorization (i.e. A, B or C). Suppliers shall have a plan to
re-validate components annually and document this requirement in the Product Control Plan
for all components supplied regardless of the product line/region.
Unless an agreement is made at time of the original PPAP, the supplier should have a process
to confirm ALL characteristics.
Features/characteristics/notes measured routinely as defined in the control plan are not
required to be measured as a specific activity. However, in-process measurement results may
need to be submitted, if required by VinFast.
Features/characteristics/notes not measured routinely as defined in the control plan must be
measured and the results submitted.
If the annual revalidation reveals nonconformance to VinFast drawings, the supplier must
immediately contact VinFast responsible SQE and must supply the dimensional data and
corrective action plans.

7.6.5 Supplier Facility Access

By prior notice, suppliers shall allow VinFast access to both their facilities and their supplier’s
facility for the purpose of evaluating parts, processes, documents (i.e., FMEA, Control Plan,
Instructions, records....), methodologies and systems used in the manufacturing of VinFast
products. VinFast may, at its discretion, use 3rd Party independent auditors. These individuals
represent VinFast and will audit the supplier's processes to establish conformance to validated
quality systems.

## Page 22

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 22 of 28


7.6.6 Contingency Plan

Suppliers shall develop a contingency plan for potential catastrophes, which may disrupt
product flow to VinFast and advise VinFast immediately in the event of an actual disaster. In an
actual catastrophe, suppliers shall provide VinFast access to VinFast's tools and/or their
replacements.

7.6.7 Document and Product Sample Retention

Suppliers shall retain documents and product samples for the time the part is active (a part is
active as long as it is being supplied to the vehicle for original or service applications) in
production plus a minimum period of 15 years at the end of serial production. Parts used on
multiple programs may require an exceptionally long retention period.
The supplier shall retain a master sample from each cavity, die and pattern for the length of
time that the component/material is active plus one year. The master sample shall be identified
as such and shall show PPAP submission reference and VinFast approval date.

7.6.8 VinFast Properties – VF Tooling Asset
All tools, manufacturing, test or inspection equipment belonging to VinFast, will be
permanently marked to clearly show that they are Property of VinFast (ISO/TS 16949-7.5.4.1).
These tools are to only be used for VinFast products unless an authorization in writing exists.
Failure to comply with tool identification requirements will result in delay or non-payment.
Example of tooling marker as shown in Fig.11








Fig.11. Tooling nameplate

## Page 23

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 23 of 28

7.6.9 Disposition of Nonconforming Products

Any component produced for supply to VinFast not sent directly to VinFast or an authorized
third party must be destroyed in-house prior to recycling such that the component may never
be used in the intended application. This includes scrap, parts produced during production
trials, engineering sampling, and all setup and inspection pieces. Only the PPAP samples are
excluded from this policy.
Suppliers are expected to manage internal and sub-supplier inventories effectively to meet
VinFast demand. Overproduction with intent to market components or distribute to
unapproved entities is expressly forbidden.
Suppliers in violation of this policy, wittingly or unwittingly, will face significant penalty up to
and including concern entry, new business hold, de-sourcing, or legal prosecution. Any and all
costs associated with non-compliance (including legal representation, court costs, and
liabilities and damages) will be the sole responsibility of the supplier.
Suppliers will guarantee conformance to this practice and will guarantee all sub-suppliers will
conform to this practice. Evidence of sub supplier communication of this policy should be
presented annually to VinFast.

7.6.10  Control Shipping

Controlled Shipping (CS) Level I and II will be levied against the supplier when VinFast has
determined that the supplier does not have the necessary safeguards preventing non-
conforming products from reaching the VinFast manufacturing location.
Controlled Shipping, Level I (CS I) is initiated by VinFast and performed at the supplier location
by the supplier’s employees. Controlled Shipping Inspection process must be performed in a
controlled area of the plant. Secondary Inspection data must be collected and inspected
product must be certified and data is to be provided to VinFast.
Controlled Shipping, Level II (CS II) includes all of Level I, with an added inspection by a VinFast
approved 3rd party. The 3rd party is selected by the Supplier and approved by VinFast and
paid by the Supplier. In some instances, VinFast may require the 3rd party inspection to be
performed outside the supplier’s facility. In all cases, the Quality Certification body of the
Supplier must be informed by the supplier that they have been placed upon Controlled
Shipping Level II by their customer and confirmation that this action has been completed must
be provided VinFast within 5 days.
Based on the severity of the incident, VinFast may elect to go directly to CSII. The VinFast SQE
will review irreversible corrective action and authorize removal or renewal of Controlled
Shipping when appropriate.

## Page 24

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 24 of 28




NOTE: Minimum Record of 30 days Corrective Action verification period with no re-
occurrences is mandatory.

Fig.12. Control Shipping Process

7.6.11 Executive Escalation (EE) Process

Suppliers providing VinFast with products and services that do not meet quality, delivery or
planning commitments and requirements are subject to enrollment in the escalation process.
Executive Escalation (EE) is initiated by VinFast. The purpose of EE is ensure continuous
improvement of suppliers would be happened with the best support of appropriate mentors.
EE classifies by three level. In all levels, the Supplier take responsibility to adapt VinFast
requirement of data, evidence and information sharing in order to exit EE.
 EE Level C (EEC): Triggered by: Quality performance scorecard > 150 demerit Pints for
rolling 6 months or delivery performance chronically unacceptable.
 EE Level B (EEB): Triggered by: the failure of EEC exiting, and/or quality/delivery
performance with continuing degradation.
 EE Level A (EEA): Triggered by: the failure of EEB exiting, and/or impact on Vehicle Launch
and/or continuity of Delivery Quality.
In all stage of EE, the supplier can exit with adapting of exit criteria:
 Agreement reached to resolve issue.
 Three to six months improvement glide path.
 Monitoring and follow up plan for recurrence.
VinFast responsible SQE plays a role of leading suppliers in this activity and responsible for:
 Escalation Facilitator for successful event.
CS Level II
CS Level I
 Failure level A recognized first time
 SCAR is required.
 Supplier sorting inspection and control shipment.
 Failure level A recognized repeatedly. Failure of CS Level I exit.
 SCAR is required. Third party sorting inspection approved by VF.
 Supplier Audit is required.
 Required participation of Supplier Director Level
 Executive Escalation Process
 EEC to EEB to EEA
Level
A
Level
B
Level
C

## Page 25

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 25 of 28

 Prepare the Supplier for success with pre-meeting guidance and slide deck review.
 Monitoring and meet on Exit Criteria providing Executive Reports on progress.
 Prepare the Supplier De-escalation to Exit.

VinFast Lead :
- Vehicle Assembly Plant , VAP Quality Director
Leadership Engagement
- Supplier: Plant Manager , Quality Manager
- VinFast: VAP Area Manager , SQM, SQE.
Trigger Points – Typical
- Quality Performance Scorecard > 150 Demerit Points for
Rolling 6 months.
- Delivery Performance Chronically .
VinFast Lead :
- Purchasing Director – Supplier Quality
Leadership Engagement
- Supplier: VP Business Entity
- VinFast: VPs for Operation , Quality, Purchasing.
Trigger Points – Typical
- Quality/Delivery Performance with Continuing Degradation
- Failure to Exit EEC
VinFast Lead :
- Purchasing Director – Vice President
Leadership Engagement
- Supplier: Senior Corporate Leadership
- VinFast: VPs for Operation , Quality, Engineering.
Trigger Points – Typical
- Impact on Vehicle Launch an /or Continuity of Delivery
Quality
Failure to Exit EEB
EEC
Executive Escalation
Level C
EEB
Executive Escalation
Level B
EEA
Executive Escalation
Level A
Supplier De-Escalation: Exit Criteria:
- Pre0defined Criteria before Meeting .
- Agreement reached .
- 3 to 6 months Improvement Glide Path .
- Monitor and Follow up Meetings .
- Formal Exit.
- Monitor for Recurrence .
De-Escalation
Exit Criteria l
De-Escalation
Exit Criteria


Fig.13. Escalation Process

## Page 26

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 26 of 28

7.7 Reference Document

 PROCEDURE TEMPLATE
Ref
# Name Acronym QMS
Procedure # Template QMS Form #
1 Supplier Quality
Manual VSQM VA-SQ-QM-
001
Supplier Program Contact INFO VA-SQ-QM-001-F001
Supply Chain Map VA-SQ-QM-001-F002
Production Control Plan Audit VA-SQ-QM-001-F004
Supplier Launch Readiness
Assessment VA-SQ-QM-001-F005
PPAP Checklist VA-SQ-QM-001-F006
Tier Two Shop-floor Walk VA-SQ-QM-001-F007
Key Action Recording System VA-SQ-QM-001-F008
RAM VA-SQ-QM-001-F009
Initial Submission Warrant VA-SQ-QM-001-F011
Dimensional Results VA-SQ-QM-001-F013
Supplier Corrective Action Report VA-SQ-QM-001-F014
2 Potential Supplier
Assessment VPSA VA-SQ-QP-
002 Potential Supplier Assessment VA-SQ-QP-002-F001
3
Supplier Safe
Launch and
capacity
verification
VSCC VA-SQ-QP-
003
Supplier Capacity and
Commitment VA-SQ-QP-003-F001
Product Characteristics Matrix and
Safe Launch Plan VA-SQ-QP-003-F002
Run at Rate - Capacity Verification VA-SQ-QP-003-F003
4
Manufacturing
Feasibility Sign-
Off
VMFSO VA-SQ-QP-
004 Manufacturing Feasibility Sign-Off VA-SQ-QP-004-F001
5 Supplier Design
Review VSDR VA-SQ-QP-
005
Supplier Initial Design Review VA-SQ-QP-005-F001
Supplier final Design review and
TKO VA-SQ-QP-005-F002
7 Supplier Change
Request VSCR VA-SQ-QP-
007 Supplier Request for Change VA-SQ-QP-007-F001

## Page 27

SUPPLIER QUALITY MANUAL
Doc ID: VA-SQ-QM-001
Version/Status: 1.0/Approved
Effective Date:

Confidential                                                                Page 27 of 28

Appendix A: Acronyms and Abbreviations
Term Definition
AIAG Automotive Industry Action Group
APQP Advanced Product Quality Planning
CC Critical Characteristic
CP Control Plan
CS Control Shipping
DFMEA Design Failure Mode and Effect Analysis
DV Design Verification
EE Executive Escalation
FOT First Off-Tool Part
MSA Measurement System Analysis
PFD Process Flow Diagram
PFMEA Process Failure Mode and Effect Analysis
PPAP Production Part Approval Process
PV Process Verification
RAM Risk Analysis Matrix
SC Significant Characteristic
SLP Safe Launch Plan
SPC Statistical Process Control
SQ Supplier Quality
SQE Supplier Quality Engineer
TKO Tooling Kick-Off

## Page 28

Confidential
Page 28 of 28

Appendix B: Supplier Quality Road Map

Phases Sourcing Product Concept Validation Design Validation Product and Process Development Launch Start of Production SOP +90 Serial Production
Engineering PTO1 - PTO2 Pre-Production LS SOP SOP +90
Gate 1 Gate 2 Gate 3 Gate 4 Gate 5 Gate 6

PPAP
Submission /
Approval
Run at Rate (s)
for Capacity
Verification
Safe Launch
Plan and
Supplier
Monitoring
Change
Management
Performance
Management
VINFAST Supplier Quality Roadmap
Supplier Quality Gate Reviews
VF Launch Milestones SP
Supplier
Sourcing and
Early SQ
Engagement
Supplier
Kick Off
Product and
Process
Development
VF Potential Supplier Assessment (VPSA)
Complete
VF Supplier Program Contact Info  (VSPC)
SharePoint
VF Supplier Capacity Commitment (VSCC)
Sharepoint
VF Supplier TKO and Technical Review (VSTR)
VF Manufacturing Feasibility Sign-Off (VMFS)
SharePoint
Supplier
Award
VF Supplier Launch Readiness Assessmentt (VSLR)
VF Safe Launch Execution (VPCM/SLP)-
Supplier Starts at Salable LS to SOP 90+ Days
VF Production Control Plan Assessment (VPCPA)
VF Product Characteristics Matrix / Supplier Launch Plan (VPCM/SLP) SharePoint
VF Supplier Part and Process Assessment (VSPPA) (VDA 6.3-Like)
VF PPAP Check List (VPCL) SharePoint
Run@Rate 1-SQE
200 pcs
(Machine Cycle Time)
Engineering Drawing and Specifications
VF Supplier Special Assessments (CQI-PY-Traceability-FMEA-Tooling -SCAR-CI..) (VSSA)
PPAP PSW Limited / Full Salable Approval in SharePoint PPAP PSW Full Salable Approval SharePoint
Run@Rate 2-SQE
(PPH, Parts per Hour and % Utilitization of Installed Capacity)
VF Supplier Change Request (Process/Product // Temporary/Permanent - VSCR)  SharePoint
VF Supplier Performance Scorecard (VSPC)  SharePoint
Controlled Shipping Level 1 and 2 (VCSL)
VF Supplier Corrective Action Report, SCAR (VSCAR)
RFQs
VF Supplier Pre-Techical Review
(VSPTA)  SharePoint
VF Timing Plan Review  (VTPR)
VF Supply Chain Map (VSCM)
VF Tier2 Shopfloor Walk (VTSW)
APQP Element Submission 1:1  (VAPQP) SharePoint
Exit Safe
Launch
VF Key Action Recording System, KARS (VKARS)
Safe Launch
Checklist
VF Supplier Quality Manual (VSQM)
VF Potential Supplier Assessment (VPSA)  Follow-Up
VF Supplier Request to PPAP - New Part Numbvers (VSRP)
Issue Supplier PPAP
Request in SharePoint
VF Risk Assessment
Matrix by Part Number
(VRAM)
Directed Buy/Directed Source
Checklist
Validation test plan approval and report
RPN reduction plan and result
Annual Revalidation/Performance report)
